address dual dts issues (#60)
Effect-TS/build-utils: .changeset/lovely-adults-brush.md

---
"@effect/build-utils": patch
---

> generate proxy d.ts for cjs and esm, to address dual package hazard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generate proxy `.d.ts` for `cjs` and `esm` and enable automatic `.d.ts` resolution.
```
